My master is gone!
My master is gonnnne!
(cries)
And left Roboppi all alone.
Huh?
Roboppi feels strange.
Oh, no!
Roboppi's system
is crashing!
Roboppi doesn't want
to be rebooted.
(moans)
Is this...
rebooting?
Roboppi likes rebooting!
And is that a door of toys
and snacks?
Roboppi likes door of toys
and snacks!
Yay!
Snacks inside!
Snacks, snacks, snacks!
Snacks, snacks,
snacks!
Huh?
Is that soda?
It's not soda!
Roboppi doesn't like
not soda!
(Alec on intercom)
Playmaker
may still be alive,
but this is an uphill battle.
(Genome on intercom)
Yeah.
On the side of a cliff.
It's your turn,
Playmaker,
so please
try to enjoy it.
Because we both know
it's your final one.
You might think that,
but I certainly do not.
Because I won't waste
the opportunity
that Ai sacrificed himself
to give me.
(Ai)
Aww,
that's so sweeeet!
Hey, didn't expect you
back so soon
or back at all.
Yeah, me too!
But like sneakers
at the shoe store,
I came prepared!
(laughs)
I uploaded a backup
of my entire programming
into Roboppi
just in case!
A backup
of your entire programming?
Yup, every bit and byte
and zero and one.
Not that it didn't come
without any risk,
cuz if even
a single one of my files
was corrupted
in the transfer,
I wouldn'ta been able
to rebuild myself
and that woulda meant
the end end of me.
But that's neither here
nor there.
I'm here, ya hear?
So let's get our duel
in gear!
Sure,
but here's what you missed.
Even though you destroyed
his Neuron Link,
Bohman can still use
his Skill.
(Ai on intercom)
So I went kablooey
for nothing?
No. You bought me
the time I needed to regroup.
(Ai)
Well, you're welcome.
But if we don't defeat Bohman
this turn,
he will surely defeat us
on his next turn.
Then it's a good thing
that I got back here
in the nick of time!
Cuz I have what is called
a plan.
When I busted up
Bohman's Neuron Link,
I also hacked
into his programming
to create a backdoor.
That means
I can enter Bohman's body
and save the other Ignis.
And with their help,
I bet we'll have
the extra oomph needed
to defeat Bohman!
But it Bohman's
internal security systems
should detect you,
he'll erase you.
And without having
a backup anymore
it'll be permanent,
Ai.
Aww,
you really do care,
but I gotta do
what I gotta do!
Good,
Bohman hasn't spotted me yet.
And let's keep it that way.
This must be his core.
Oh!
There they are!
Flame! Aqua!
Everybody!
Aqua,
are you okay?
Ai?
Oh, no!
Did Bohman absorb you
too?
Nah, Bohman can never
absorb me.
Though he did delete me.
What?!
Nothing.
(Flame)
You must be more careful,
Ai.
But being careful
was never your specialty.
Hey! You're one to talk
being all tied up
at the moment!
I mean, really?
All of you?
Embarrassing!
That's why it's up to me
to save the day!
Ah!
Huh?
Nothing?
(Lightning)
You can't free us,
my friend.
We've already fused together
with Bohman,
so we can no longer
be separated.
It's like a cake,
once you bake a cake,
you can't break it back up
into eggs, flour, sugar.
Yeah, right!
(Aqua)
It's true, Ai.
Huh?
I'm happy that you came
to save us,
but you can't.
You can still
get out of here
before Bohman spots you
and traps you in here with us.
So hurry up
and leave!
Please!
But there's gotta be
a way.
(Lightning)
There isn't.
In fact,
you should join us
and power Bohman up.
So, I can't allow you
to leave!
Bohman, listen!
Ai is still alive!
And here with us!
Here at your core!
(Bohman)
Oh, is he?
I'm glad to see
you're still alive, Ai.
It makes it
so much easier for me
to absorb you!
You're mine!
Ai, move!
If Bohman absorbs you,
he'll become too powerful
to be stopped!
What do you think I'm doing,
Flame?
And
I can't just leave ya here!
If Playmaker defeats Bohman
with you all still inside,
you'll be erased along
with him!
You're right, Ai.
But that
is what must happen.
No, there has to be
another way!
There has to be!
I just found you,
I can't lose you all again!
But you won't lose us,
Ai.
Everyone,
let's show him why.
No!
What are you doing?
We're giving whatever power
we have to Ai.
No,
I order you to stop!
You can't stop us,
Lightning.
You're no longer
in charge.
And we can
extract your energy as well.
(groans)
Take our energy,
Ai.
Use it to defeat Bohman!
But if I can't save you,
then none of this
means anything.
(Flame)
Oh,
will you grow up?
Hello!
We're both the same age!
You think you'll lose us
if you defeat Bohman,
but in reality,
you'll lose us
if you don't.
If you don't
defeat Bohman,
then you'll fall
victim to him
just as we have.
Meaning there will be
no surviving Ignis left.
But as long as
you survive,
the Ignis will survive.
Not just you,
but all of us!
As long as we live on
in your memories,
we're not actually gone.
So keep us alive,
Ai.
By helping Playmaker
to defeat Bohman.
Why do you always know
the right thing to say!
I will miss you too,
Ai.
Win and make us proud.
(Lightning)
Don't listen to him.
You may think you're doing
the right thing,
but you don't know
the whole story.
You're only going to make
things worse.
Well, even if I don't know
the whole story,
I know enough of the tale.
And any tale that ends
with the total destruction
of the world
is one
that ain't worth tellin'!
Bye, everyone.
Goodbye, Ai.
(Bohman)
The time has come for me
to fully absorb you all.
Ai, you're making
a grave mistake.
You don't even know
that you'll be causing
what you're seeking
to prevent.
(Playmaker)
How did it go, Ai?
As good as it could,
meaning not good at all.
All the other Ignis
fused with Bohman,
so I couldn't free them.
Ai.
But they gave me
a going-away present
to defeat Bohman!
What is this?
They gave me
whatever power they had left
to help us
in our fight!
I promise, Ai,
their sacrifice
won't go to waste.
(Bohman)
So you escaped, Ai.
Although
you'll be returning
soon enough,
when I absorb you
like I did the rest
of the Ignis.
(Ai)
That's not gonna happen,
Bohman!
We're gonna win
this duel!
And we're gonna win it
right here, right now!
Really?
You winning is easy
to claim,
but how do you expect
to actually achieve it?
My PERFECTRON
has 4,000 attack points,
which I can double
to 8,000
by using JUDGMENT ARROWS.
And even if you manage
to summon a monster
that's stronger than that,
I can use
its special ability
to prevent it
from being destroyed
in battle.
I've analyzed
billions of strategies,
and I see no way
you can get past my monster
and win this duel.
You may have
billions of strategies,
but I have Ai,
and that's everything I need!
You will find out
that that
will not be enough!
No matter what happens,
this next turn
will be our final one
in this duel, Bohman.
So here goes.
I draw!
If this is our final turn,
let's make it count.
By discarding my DOTSCAPER,
I can summon THRESHOLD BORG.
Then DOTSCAPER's ability
activates,
resummoning itself
from my graveyard.
Next, I will activate
my spell card
CYNET CODEC.
And now,
I will create my circuit!
I Link Summon!
Link 2, CODE TALKER!
Whenever I summon
a CODE TALKER
on to my field,
CYNET CODEC's effect
activates,
allowing me to draw a Cyberse
from my deck
with the same Attribute
as my CODE TALKER.
Then I'll use
that CODE TALKER
and this MICRO CODER I drew
to Link Summon again!
Go!
I Link Summon!
Link 3, ENCODE TALKER!
2,300 points.
That monster
is still no match for mine.
I think ya meant to say
no match for the moment.
Because
if you think we're done,
you're gravely mistaken!
CYNET CODEC activates again
to add CYBERSE GADGET
to my hand.
And when I use MICRO CODER
to Link Summon,
its ability
lets me draw
CYNET OPTIMIZATION
from my deck.
Next,
I will summon this!
Come out
CYBERSE GADGET!
When this CYBERSE GADGET
is summoned,
it revives MICRO CODER
from my graveyard!
And I'll set
these two monsters
in the Link Arrows!
I Link Summon!
Link 2
CYBERSE WITCH!
Next, I activate
SIMM TABLIR's
special ability.
By returning
CLOCK WYVERN
from my graveyard
to my hand,
I can summon SIMM TABLIR
next to CYBERSE WITCH's link!
Then, I activate
CYBERSE WITCH's ability
to banish CYNET FUSION
from my graveyard
to add CYBERSE MAGICIAN
and CYNET RITUAL
to my hand.
But that's not all.
CYBERSE WITCH's
second ability
resurrects WIDGET KID
back to my field.
And WIDGET KID can bring out
a buddy as well!
CLOCK WYVERN!
I now activate
the Ritual Spell CYNET RITUAL!
I tribute
my Level 3 WIDGET KID
and Level 5 SIMM TABLIR!
I Ritual Summon!
Break the barriers
of reality,
CYBERSE MAGICIAN!
A Ritual Summon.
Next I'll overlay
CLOCK WYVERN...
along with my CYBERSE GADGET!
With these two monsters
I build
the Overlay Network!
I Xyz Summon!
Rank 4
FIREWALL EXCEED DRAGON!
And this time
an Xyz Summon.
Next...
I'll use it
to create my circuit!
I Link Summon Link 3
TRANSCODE TALKER!
Ritual, Xyz,
Link Summoning.
What's the point
of all these summonings
when they don't add up
to a monster
that's stronger than mine?
Because they're adding up
to something
you can't comprehend,
something which you'll
never comprehend!
Oh, really now?
(Playmaker)
Yes, and it's not just
a flaw in your duel,
it's a flaw
in your whole plan.
Though you claim
to be fighting for peace,
in reality you are fighting
for revenge.
And I know because peace
requires everyone
to work together in harmony,
and even though
you've absorbed
countless humans,
you don't work
with them, Bohman,
so you still duel alone.
But that's not so
for me and Ai,
even though
our friends are gone,
we're still working
with them.
By building upon everything
that Kolter did.
And Soulburner.
And Flame and Aqua
and the rest of the Ignis.
All of us working
towards a common goal.
And that same idea
carries through to our duel.
Each monster,
each summoning
may not seem like much,
but they're building together
towards a common goal,
which is to win this duel!
So though my friends
may be gone,
I'm building upon
what they achieved,
while you want to tear
everything down
to get revenge
for what you lost.
For what I lost?
And everything my friends
and my monsters
have built up
are coming together now!
I activate CYNET CODEC
to draw CODE GENERATOR
from my deck
and add it to my hand.
Then, I activate
CYNET OPTIMIZATION!
It lets me summon
the Cyberse monster
I just drew,
CODE GENERATOR!
Now...
I create
my ultimate circuit!
I set CYBERSE MAGICIAN,
CODE GENERATOR
and TRANSCODE TALKER
in the Link Arrows!
Link the circuit!
What?
From the dawn of creation
comes the fire
that ignites life
throughout the universe!
I Link Summon!
Link 5
FIREWALL DRAGON DARKFLUID!
A Link 5?
Only I'm supposed
to have a Link 5 monster!
This is impossible!
(Ai)
Ha!
The impossible
is just the possible
that has yet to been done
Boh-boy!
(Playmaker)
And for every different type
of Cyberse monster
that's in my graveyard
Fusion, Ritual, Synchro
and Xyz,
my DARKFLUID gains one Counter
for a total of four.
It's time!
FIREWALL DRAGON DARKFLUID,
attack
PERFECTRON HYDRADRIVE DRAGON!
But your FIREWLL DRAGON
has fewer attack points
than my monster.
You sure about that?
That's right.
Because during battle,
DARKFLUID gains 2,500
attack points
for every counter
that it has!
Meaning
its attack points increase
by 10,000 attack points!
Go, DARKFLUID attack!
Flame Tempest Terahertz!
That's still not good enough,
Playmaker!
I can use JUDGMENT ARROWS
to double
my PERFECTRON's attack points,
and I take no damage
as long as it has
a HYDRADRIV Counter on it!
And then...
I activate
PERFECTRON's ability!
By removing
one HYDRADRIVE Counter,
PERFECTRON
can't be destroyed.
But since
it has one fewer Counter,
your monster's attack points
drop.
That doesn't matter,
Playmaker.
Because PERFECTRON
has another ability.
Once the battle is over,
PERFECTRON can destroy
all your monsters in play
meaning that your DARKFLUID
and its 13,000 attack points
are going to waste--
Allow me to stop you there.
Uh?
Because I can use
an ability as well!
By removing
one of DARKFLUID's Counters,
your PERFECTRON's
special ability is negated!
In addition,
DARKFLUID is allowed
to attack again!
Attack again?
That's right!
Go, DARKFLUID!
Aqua Tempest Terahertz!
By removing
another Counter,
PERFECTRON
will not be destroyed!
And I take no damage!
(Ai)
But that just lowered
PERFECTRON's attack points
even more!
And then, like earlier,
I'll use a Counter
to allow DARKFLUID
to attack again!
No.
Since your eyes got
all big and bulgy,
looks like ya finally figured
our strategy out!
We caught ya
in an attack loop
that ya can't break out of!
And we couldn't have done it
unless all our monsters
were working together!
Quite impressive.
Even though
you only acquired
this monster just now,
you already figured out
how to maximize its power.
That's correct.
But I don't deserve
all the credit
because I didn't do it
all by myself.
For you see, Bohman,
I had the memories
of my friends
to help push me to duel
as hard as I can.
So now,
DARKFLUID attack!
Earth Tempest Terahertz!
PERFECTRON uses
another Counter.
But its attack points
are once again dropping
like a hot potato!
(Playmaker)
I use another one
of DARKFLUID's Counters
so that it can attack
your PERFECTRON again!
Windy Tempest Terahertz!
(groans)
I use another one
of my PERFECTRON's Counters!
You mean the last
of its Counters!
So its attack points
fall all the way to 0!
I use DARKFLUID's
last remaining Counter
so that I can attack
one final time!
(Ai)
And since you have
no Counters left
there's only two things
you can do to stop this,
diddly and squat!
DARKFLUID!
It's time to bring
this duel to an end!
Neo Tempest Terahertz!
(moans)
You win, Playmaker.
The sun has set
on both of us.
(Harlin)
Bohman.
We did it, Playmaker!
We won!
(Bohman)
Yes, well done.
It seems
you two had
a few more surprises
than I expected.
Yes, Bohman.
While you two will carry on
into the future,
I will not be joining you.
You now
have the responsibility
to determine what path
the future takes.
I sincerely hope
you forge a good one.
And not a future
that either one of you regret.
Thanks...?
(Bohman)
Now that my time
is at an end,
so is this world.
Farewell, Playmaker.
Wow!
We better bounce
our butts on outta here!
(Harlin)
Bohman.
(Bohman)
Harlin.
You came back for me?
Of course.
Are you ready?
I am.
And I will never leave
your side again.
We saved LINK VRAINS,
Playmaker.
Yes, Ai,
but there's still more
we need to save.
(everyone moans)